feat(delegation-api): Send hnipp for new delegations (#14447)
island-is/island.is: libs/auth-api-lib/src/lib/user-notification/README.md

CHECKED IN VOLUNTARILY

To avoid a circular dependency we replicate the system-notification part of @island.is/clients/user-notification.

> The user-notification service uses the delegation API to update the delegation index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user-notification service uses the delegation API to add Hnipp support for delegations by doing lookup in the delegation index..
```

> With new new addition of the delegation API sending notifications when new delegations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new addition of the delegation API sending notifications when new delegations
```
